docs/getting-help.md, before:

---
search:
  boost: 2
---

# Getting Help with HASS.Agent

There are lots of ways you can get help, from the guides in these docs to the people in the community happy to help you.

## Documentation

Here in this documentation you will find info on everything about HASS.Agent;

!!! tip "TIP: Use the search bar!"

    We have a search bar at the top right which you can use to find anythign throughout the docs, it will be your best way to get correct info about HASS.Agent.

- First time seeing or using HASS.Agent? Start [here](./getting-started/index.md)
- If you are using more complex features of HASS.Agent checkout the [setup](./setup/index.md) section

## Community

There are multiple different platforms and places you can interact with the community. This list will be constantly updating and is ordered with the most helpful ones at the top.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-     :simple-discord:{ .lg .middle } **Discord**

      ***

      This is the number one place to get help with organised channels and an active community

      [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Join Now!](https://discord.com/invite/JfZj98xqJr){:target="\_blank"}

-     :simple-homeassistant:{ .lg .middle } **Home Assistant Forums**

      ***

      You can use the Home Assistant forums to get help, make a post to get help from HA users

      [:octicons-arrow-right-24: HA Community](https://community.home-assistant.io/){:target="\_blank"}

-     :fontawesome-brands-reddit-alien:{ .lg .middle } **Reddit**

      ***

      Post on the homeassistant subreddit to get help from HA users

      [:octicons-arrow-right-24: r/homeassistant](https://www.reddit.com/r/homeassistant/){:target="\_blank"}

-     :octicons-search-16:{ .lg .middle } **Search Online**

      ***

      Most community discussions can be found by searching online, the best place to search for help is the new HASS.Agent Answer overflow page

      [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Answer Overflow](https://www.answeroverflow.com/c/1173033284519862392){:target="\_blank"}

</div>

Commit message:

Update getting-help.md with grammar fixes to top section
Fixed, anythign spelling

Improved readability of second paragraph.

docs/getting-help.md, after:

---
search:
  boost: 2
---

# Getting Help with HASS.Agent

There are lots of ways you can get help, from the guides in these docs to the people in the community happy to help you.

## Documentation

Here in this documentation you will find info on everything about HASS.Agent, from troubleshooting to advanced configuration examples.

!!! tip "TIP: Use the search bar!"

    We have a search bar at the top right which you can use to find anything throughout the docs, it will be your best way to get correct info about HASS.Agent.

- First time seeing or using HASS.Agent? Start [here](./getting-started/index.md)
- If you are using more complex features of HASS.Agent checkout the [setup](./setup/index.md) section

## Community

There are multiple different platforms and places you can interact with the community. This list will be constantly updating and is ordered with the most helpful ones at the top.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-     :simple-discord:{ .lg .middle } **Discord**

      ***

      This is the number one place to get help with organised channels and an active community

      [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Join Now!](https://discord.com/invite/JfZj98xqJr){:target="\_blank"}

-     :simple-homeassistant:{ .lg .middle } **Home Assistant Forums**

      ***

      You can use the Home Assistant forums to get help, make a post to get help from HA users

      [:octicons-arrow-right-24: HA Community](https://community.home-assistant.io/){:target="\_blank"}

-     :fontawesome-brands-reddit-alien:{ .lg .middle } **Reddit**

      ***

      Post on the homeassistant subreddit to get help from HA users

      [:octicons-arrow-right-24: r/homeassistant](https://www.reddit.com/r/homeassistant/){:target="\_blank"}

-     :octicons-search-16:{ .lg .middle } **Search Online**

      ***

      Most community discussions can be found by searching online, the best place to search for help is the new HASS.Agent Answer overflow page

      [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Answer Overflow](https://www.answeroverflow.com/c/1173033284519862392){:target="\_blank"}

</div>
